perf(git_status): add option to use windows starship.exe to render in wsl (#2146)
starship/starship: docs/config/README.md

The `git_status` module shows symbols representing the state of the repo in your
current directory.

::: tip

> The Git Status module is very slow in Windows directories (anything in `/mnt/c/`) when in a WSL environment.

Reviewer: The phrasing here made me concerned that the implementation would actually be parsing the Linux path and assuming that `/mnt/c` itself indicates whether something is on the host file system (which would not be quite correct), but since that's not the case, this comment should probably make it clear that this is merely a common example. 

```suggestion
The Git Status module is very slow in Windows directories (under `/mnt/c/`, for example) when in a WSL environment.
```

The `git_status` module shows symbols representing the state of the repo in your
current directory.

::: tip

The Git Status module is very slow in Windows directories (for example under `/mnt/c/`) when in a WSL environment.

> You can disable the module or use the `windows_starship` option to use a Windows-native Starship executable to compute `git_status` for those paths.

Reviewer 2: Do we want to add an example here or would that clutter things too much? (e.g. for a system-wide install, `/mnt/c/Program Files/starship/starship.exe` or something of that nature)

Author: I think the tips already look fairly cluttered, and I already added an example below.
